README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img width="300" src="https://rawgit.com/AllThingsSmitty/must-watch-javascript/master/media/logo.svg" alt="TV icon">
</p>

# Must-Watch JavaScript

This is a collection of well-received talks about JavaScript, covering topics such as ES6, JavaScript frameworks, client-side apps, mobile integration, JavaScript performance, tooling, leveling up, and more.

> **Like CSS? Check out [Must-Watch CSS](https://github.com/AllThingsSmitty/must-watch-css)!** For other great lists check out [@sindresorhus](https://github.com/sindresorhus/)'s curated list of [awesome lists](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome/).


* [Contribution Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md)


### 2016

1. [**The Rise of Async JavaScript**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QtgR94Q2pt4&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Jeremy Fairbank, FluentConf `28:58`
1. [**Reasonable JavaScript**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cqK18_rHt9w&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Preethi Kasireddy, Nodevember, `50:12`
1. [**Learning Functional Programming with JavaScript**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e-5obm1G_FY&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Anjana Vakil, JSUnconf `29:56`
1. [**Choosing a JavaScript Framework**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6I_GwgoGm1w&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Rob Eisenberg: NDC Oslo `1:01:13`
1. [**The Myth of The "Real JavaScript Developer"**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xt5qpbiqw2g&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Brenna O'Brien, Front-Trends `27:05`
1. [**An Angular 2 Force Awakens**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WAPQF_GA7Qg): John Papa, ng-conf `20:39`
1. [**React.js for TV UIs**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5sETJs2_jwo): Steve McGuire, Netflix JavaScript Talks `35:02`
1. [**The Hitchhiker's Guide to All Things Memory in JavaScript**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AeUCN2lPqL8&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Safia Abdalla, JSConf Budapest, `26:16`


### 2015

1. [**JavaScript in 2015**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iukBMY4apvI&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Glen Maddern (screencast) `10:32`
1. [**Angular + React = Speed**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XQM0K6YG18s&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Dave Smith, ng-conf `19:26`
1. [**Parallelism Experiments in JavaScript**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_M_uscOKJM&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Naveed Ihsanullah, JSConf.US `32:39`
1. [**Eliminate JavaScript Code Smells**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JVlfj7mQZPo&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Elijah Manor, FluentConf `29:15`
1. [**Pocket-Sized JS**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=okk0BGV9oY0&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Henrik Joreteg, dotJS `18:44`
1. [**What the... JavaScript?**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2pL28CcEijU&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Kyle Simpson, ForwardJS `38:16`
1. [**Real World jQuery**](http://jqueryuk.com/2015/videos.php?s=real-world-jquery): Ben Foxall, jQuery UK `26:45`
1. [**JavaScript State of the Union**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8G2SMVIUNNk&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Geoff Schmidt, Meteor Devshop SF `48:47`
1. [**Dirty Performance Secrets of HTML5**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t8x40JXUeWA&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Andreas Gal, FluentConf `14:15`
1. [**You Should Use &lt;Insert Library/Framework&gt;, It's the Bestestest!**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_yCz1TA0EL4&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Paul Lewis, Full Frontal `33:31`
1. [**Async Programming in ES7**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lil4YCCXRYc&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Jafar Husain, JSConf.US `35:56`
1. [**Live React: Hot Reloading with Time Travel**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xsSnOQynTHs&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Dan Abramov, ReactEurope `30:40`
1. [**JavaScript Transformation**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rKuNbEwoQfQ&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Sebastian McKenzie, JSConf.US `20:23`
1. [**Node.js at Netflix**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p74282nDMX8&list=PLfXiENmg6yyUpIVY9XVOkbdmBPx6PUm9_): Kim Trott, Node.js Interactive `25:17`
1. [**If You Wish to Learn ES6/2015 From Scratch, You Must First Invent the Universe**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DN4yLZB1vUQlist=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Ashley Williams, JSConf.US `25:48`


### 2014

1. [**Enemy of the State**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ZLlRQJp5Fg&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Amy Palamountain, Forward JS `32:40`
1. [**Mary Live-Codes a JavaScript Game from Scratch**](https://vimeo.com/105955605): Mary Rose Cook, Front-Trends `32:16`
1. [**Unorthodox Performance**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NthmeLEhDDM&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): John-David Dalton, ForwardJS `43:39`
1. [**What the Heck Is the Event Loop Anyway?**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8aGhZQkoFbQ&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Philip Roberts, JSConf.EU `26:53`
1. [**Building Isomorphic Apps**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tcbcERdxjIc&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Spike Brehm, JSConf.Asia `45:01`
1. [**JavaScript for Everybody**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=04DOp1F9Od4&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Marcy Sutton, JSConf.EU `28:59`
1. [**JavaScript ♥ Unicode**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zi0w7J7MCrk&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Mathias Bynens, JSConf.EU `25:41`
1. [**Using AngularJS to Create iPhone & Android Applications with PhoneGap**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wVntVkRLR3M&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Daniel Zen, ng-conf `21:34`
1. [**Virtual Machines, JavaScript and Assembler**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UzyoT4DziQ4&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Scott Hanselman, FluentConf `25:56`
1. [**User Interface Algorithms**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=90NsjKvz9Ns): Mark DiMarco, JSConf.US `27:41`
1. [**End to End Angular Testing with Protractor**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aQipuiTcn3U&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Julie Ralph, ng-conf `18:46`
1. [**Async JavaScript at Netflix**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XRYN2xt11Ek&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Jafar Husain, Netflix JavaScript Talks `28:38`
1. [**Building Realtime Apps with Firebase and Angular**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e4yUTkva_FM&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Anant Narayanan, ng-conf `21:08`


### 2013

1. [**A JavaScript Web App Deconstructed**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G6yLniGWhSE&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Alex MacCaw, JSConf.Asia `36:24`
1. [**JavaScript in Your Native Mobile Apps**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5LUkHss6CAw&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Allen Pike, JSConf.EU `25:47`
1. [**JavaScript Masterclass**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v0TFmdO4ZP0&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Angelina Fabbro, JSConf.US `22:33`
1. [**A Comparison of the Two-Way Binding in AngularJS, EmberJS and KnockoutJS**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mVjpwia1YN4&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Marius Gundersen, JSConf.EU `19:16`
1. [**Hacker Way: Rethinking Web App Development at Facebook**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nYkdrAPrdcw&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Tom Occhino, Jing Chen, and Pete Hunt, F8 `44:35`
1. [**Promises and Generators: Control Flow Utopia**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qbKWsbJ76-slist=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Forbes Lindesay, JSConf.EU `31:26`
1. [**How to Rewrite Your JS App (at Least) 10 Times**](https://vimeo.com/77905680): Garann Means, Fronteers `47:45`
1. [**Front-End Development in Node.js**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=icNHLlRazds&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Raquel V&eacute;lez, jQuery Conference Portland `34:01`
1. [**Front-End Tools for the Young Developer**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_nt5qV15po&list=PLUS3uVC08ZaqVEGFkl_dS_3FUzILkOIzA): Christian Vuerings, SF HTML5 User Group `14:16`
1. [**Rethinking Best Practices**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DgVS-zXgMTk&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Pete Hunt, JSConf.Asia `40:57`
1. [**A Tale of Two MVC's**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s1dhXamEAKQ): Yehuda Katz, Golden Gate Ruby Conference `31:06`
1. [**Building with Web Components Using X-Tags**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dW2ib0bkxGQ&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Remy Sharp, Full Frontal `32:53`
1. [**Righteous Javascript, Dude!**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Hc7DBihkh4&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Zach Bruggerman, Cascadia JS `18:15`
1. [**Transitioning Groupon to NodeJS**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TWVblTpUlxM&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Sean McCullough, EmpireJS `28:23`
1. [**Building Modular Web Applications: How To Build a Good Component**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nl2vMiREK9o&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Angelina Fabbro, jQuery Conference Portland `35:02`
1. [**Making JS More Learnable**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4JdS5RHGroQ&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Pamela Fox, dotJS `28:46`
1. [**The Web Experience in the Autistic Spectrum**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7nnAYB1mb9E&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Natalia Berdys, JSConf.EU `30:37`
1. [**Return of Inspector Web: Web Components a Year Later**](https://vimeo.com/78899868): Angelina Fabbro, Fronteers `49:44`
1. [**Develop High Performance Sites and Apps with JavaScript and HTML5**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oe_hV449viI&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Dr. Doris Chen, HTML5DevConf Meetup `1:01:39`
1. [**Building Reflow**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CpG6Ap7qhPw&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Kristofer Joseph, BackboneConf `45:41`
1. [**Levelling Up in AngularJS**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9TylaL_cRFA&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi):  Alicia Liu, HTML5DevConf `40:31`


### 2012

1. [**A Novel, Efficient Approach to JavaScript Loading**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mGENRKrdoGY&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Malte Ubl and John Hjelmstad, JSConf.EU `26:36`
1. [**To Hell with jQuery**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3D1WeSCSkPQ&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Karolina Szczur, JSConf.EU `20:00`
1. [**Is Node.js Better?**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C5fa1LZYodQ&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Brian Ford, JSConf.US `41:42`
1. [**Inspector Web and the Mystery of the Shadow DOM**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JNjnv-Gcpnw&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Angelina Fabbro, JSConfEU `28:42`
1. [**Maintainable JavaScript**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c-kav7Tf834&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Nicholas Zakas, FluentConf `47:04`
1. [**Client Side Internationalization**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uXS_-JRsB8M&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Alex Sexton, JSConf.EU `24:08`

Commit message:

Added @sdras's ForwardJS Summit talk

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img width="300" src="https://rawgit.com/AllThingsSmitty/must-watch-javascript/master/media/logo.svg" alt="TV icon">
</p>

# Must-Watch JavaScript

This is a collection of well-received talks about JavaScript, covering topics such as ES6, JavaScript frameworks, client-side apps, mobile integration, JavaScript performance, tooling, leveling up, and more.

> **Like CSS? Check out [Must-Watch CSS](https://github.com/AllThingsSmitty/must-watch-css)!** For other great lists check out [@sindresorhus](https://github.com/sindresorhus/)'s curated list of [awesome lists](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome/).


* [Contribution Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md)


### 2016

1. [**The Rise of Async JavaScript**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QtgR94Q2pt4&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Jeremy Fairbank, FluentConf `28:58`
1. [**Reasonable JavaScript**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cqK18_rHt9w&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Preethi Kasireddy, Nodevember, `50:12`
1. [**Learning Functional Programming with JavaScript**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e-5obm1G_FY&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Anjana Vakil, JSUnconf `29:56`
1. [**Choosing a JavaScript Framework**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6I_GwgoGm1w&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Rob Eisenberg: NDC Oslo `1:01:13`
1. [**The Myth of The "Real JavaScript Developer"**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xt5qpbiqw2g&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Brenna O'Brien, Front-Trends `27:05`
1. [**An Angular 2 Force Awakens**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WAPQF_GA7Qg): John Papa, ng-conf `20:39`
1. [**React.js for TV UIs**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5sETJs2_jwo): Steve McGuire, Netflix JavaScript Talks `35:02`
1. [**The Hitchhiker's Guide to All Things Memory in JavaScript**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AeUCN2lPqL8&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Safia Abdalla, JSConf Budapest, `26:16`
1. [**SVG and GreenSock for Complex Animation**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZNukcHhpSXg&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Sarah Drasner, ForwardJS Summit, `40:16`


### 2015

1. [**JavaScript in 2015**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iukBMY4apvI&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Glen Maddern (screencast) `10:32`
1. [**Angular + React = Speed**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XQM0K6YG18s&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Dave Smith, ng-conf `19:26`
1. [**Parallelism Experiments in JavaScript**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_M_uscOKJM&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Naveed Ihsanullah, JSConf.US `32:39`
1. [**Eliminate JavaScript Code Smells**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JVlfj7mQZPo&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Elijah Manor, FluentConf `29:15`
1. [**Pocket-Sized JS**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=okk0BGV9oY0&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Henrik Joreteg, dotJS `18:44`
1. [**What the... JavaScript?**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2pL28CcEijU&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Kyle Simpson, ForwardJS `38:16`
1. [**Real World jQuery**](http://jqueryuk.com/2015/videos.php?s=real-world-jquery): Ben Foxall, jQuery UK `26:45`
1. [**JavaScript State of the Union**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8G2SMVIUNNk&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Geoff Schmidt, Meteor Devshop SF `48:47`
1. [**Dirty Performance Secrets of HTML5**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t8x40JXUeWA&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Andreas Gal, FluentConf `14:15`
1. [**You Should Use &lt;Insert Library/Framework&gt;, It's the Bestestest!**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_yCz1TA0EL4&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Paul Lewis, Full Frontal `33:31`
1. [**Async Programming in ES7**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lil4YCCXRYc&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Jafar Husain, JSConf.US `35:56`
1. [**Live React: Hot Reloading with Time Travel**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xsSnOQynTHs&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Dan Abramov, ReactEurope `30:40`
1. [**JavaScript Transformation**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rKuNbEwoQfQ&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Sebastian McKenzie, JSConf.US `20:23`
1. [**Node.js at Netflix**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p74282nDMX8&list=PLfXiENmg6yyUpIVY9XVOkbdmBPx6PUm9_): Kim Trott, Node.js Interactive `25:17`
1. [**If You Wish to Learn ES6/2015 From Scratch, You Must First Invent the Universe**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DN4yLZB1vUQlist=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Ashley Williams, JSConf.US `25:48`


### 2014

1. [**Enemy of the State**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ZLlRQJp5Fg&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Amy Palamountain, Forward JS `32:40`
1. [**Mary Live-Codes a JavaScript Game from Scratch**](https://vimeo.com/105955605): Mary Rose Cook, Front-Trends `32:16`
1. [**Unorthodox Performance**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NthmeLEhDDM&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): John-David Dalton, ForwardJS `43:39`
1. [**What the Heck Is the Event Loop Anyway?**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8aGhZQkoFbQ&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Philip Roberts, JSConf.EU `26:53`
1. [**Building Isomorphic Apps**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tcbcERdxjIc&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Spike Brehm, JSConf.Asia `45:01`
1. [**JavaScript for Everybody**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=04DOp1F9Od4&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Marcy Sutton, JSConf.EU `28:59`
1. [**JavaScript ♥ Unicode**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zi0w7J7MCrk&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Mathias Bynens, JSConf.EU `25:41`
1. [**Using AngularJS to Create iPhone & Android Applications with PhoneGap**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wVntVkRLR3M&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Daniel Zen, ng-conf `21:34`
1. [**Virtual Machines, JavaScript and Assembler**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UzyoT4DziQ4&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Scott Hanselman, FluentConf `25:56`
1. [**User Interface Algorithms**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=90NsjKvz9Ns): Mark DiMarco, JSConf.US `27:41`
1. [**End to End Angular Testing with Protractor**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aQipuiTcn3U&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Julie Ralph, ng-conf `18:46`
1. [**Async JavaScript at Netflix**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XRYN2xt11Ek&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Jafar Husain, Netflix JavaScript Talks `28:38`
1. [**Building Realtime Apps with Firebase and Angular**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e4yUTkva_FM&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Anant Narayanan, ng-conf `21:08`


### 2013

1. [**A JavaScript Web App Deconstructed**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G6yLniGWhSE&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Alex MacCaw, JSConf.Asia `36:24`
1. [**JavaScript in Your Native Mobile Apps**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5LUkHss6CAw&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Allen Pike, JSConf.EU `25:47`
1. [**JavaScript Masterclass**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v0TFmdO4ZP0&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Angelina Fabbro, JSConf.US `22:33`
1. [**A Comparison of the Two-Way Binding in AngularJS, EmberJS and KnockoutJS**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mVjpwia1YN4&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Marius Gundersen, JSConf.EU `19:16`
1. [**Hacker Way: Rethinking Web App Development at Facebook**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nYkdrAPrdcw&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Tom Occhino, Jing Chen, and Pete Hunt, F8 `44:35`
1. [**Promises and Generators: Control Flow Utopia**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qbKWsbJ76-slist=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Forbes Lindesay, JSConf.EU `31:26`
1. [**How to Rewrite Your JS App (at Least) 10 Times**](https://vimeo.com/77905680): Garann Means, Fronteers `47:45`
1. [**Front-End Development in Node.js**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=icNHLlRazds&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Raquel V&eacute;lez, jQuery Conference Portland `34:01`
1. [**Front-End Tools for the Young Developer**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_nt5qV15po&list=PLUS3uVC08ZaqVEGFkl_dS_3FUzILkOIzA): Christian Vuerings, SF HTML5 User Group `14:16`
1. [**Rethinking Best Practices**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DgVS-zXgMTk&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Pete Hunt, JSConf.Asia `40:57`
1. [**A Tale of Two MVC's**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s1dhXamEAKQ): Yehuda Katz, Golden Gate Ruby Conference `31:06`
1. [**Building with Web Components Using X-Tags**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dW2ib0bkxGQ&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Remy Sharp, Full Frontal `32:53`
1. [**Righteous Javascript, Dude!**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Hc7DBihkh4&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Zach Bruggerman, Cascadia JS `18:15`
1. [**Transitioning Groupon to NodeJS**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TWVblTpUlxM&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Sean McCullough, EmpireJS `28:23`
1. [**Building Modular Web Applications: How To Build a Good Component**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nl2vMiREK9o&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Angelina Fabbro, jQuery Conference Portland `35:02`
1. [**Making JS More Learnable**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4JdS5RHGroQ&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Pamela Fox, dotJS `28:46`
1. [**The Web Experience in the Autistic Spectrum**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7nnAYB1mb9E&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Natalia Berdys, JSConf.EU `30:37`
1. [**Return of Inspector Web: Web Components a Year Later**](https://vimeo.com/78899868): Angelina Fabbro, Fronteers `49:44`
1. [**Develop High Performance Sites and Apps with JavaScript and HTML5**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oe_hV449viI&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Dr. Doris Chen, HTML5DevConf Meetup `1:01:39`
1. [**Building Reflow**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CpG6Ap7qhPw&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Kristofer Joseph, BackboneConf `45:41`
1. [**Levelling Up in AngularJS**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9TylaL_cRFA&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi):  Alicia Liu, HTML5DevConf `40:31`


### 2012

1. [**A Novel, Efficient Approach to JavaScript Loading**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mGENRKrdoGY&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Malte Ubl and John Hjelmstad, JSConf.EU `26:36`
1. [**To Hell with jQuery**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3D1WeSCSkPQ&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Karolina Szczur, JSConf.EU `20:00`
1. [**Is Node.js Better?**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C5fa1LZYodQ&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Brian Ford, JSConf.US `41:42`
1. [**Inspector Web and the Mystery of the Shadow DOM**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JNjnv-Gcpnw&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Angelina Fabbro, JSConfEU `28:42`
1. [**Maintainable JavaScript**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c-kav7Tf834&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Nicholas Zakas, FluentConf `47:04`
1. [**Client Side Internationalization**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uXS_-JRsB8M&list=PLUS3uVC08ZapyqfU21joP-B1vTItKf5qi): Alex Sexton, JSConf.EU `24:08`
